aal:AAL,American Airlines
aapl:AAPL,Apple
adbe:ADBE,Adobe
adi:$ADI,Analog Devices
adp:ADP,Automatic Data Processing
adsk:ADSK,Autodesk
akam:AKAM,Akamai
algn:ALGN,Align Technology
alxn:ALXN,Alexion
amat:AMAT,Applied Materials
amgn:AMGN,Amgen
amzn:AMZN,Amazon
atvi:ATVI,Activision,Blizzard
avgo:AVGO,Broadcom
bidu:BIDU,Baidu
biib:BIIB,Biogen
bmrn:BMRN,Biomarin
ca:$CA,CA Inc
celg:CELG,Celgene
cern:CERN,Cerner
chkp:CHKP,"Check Point"
chtr:CHTR,"Charter Communications"
ctrp:CTRP,Ctrip
ctas:CTAS,Cintas
csco:CSCO,Cisco
ctxs:CTXS,Citrix
cmcsa:CMCSA,Comcast
cost:$COST,Costco
csx:CSX,CSX
ctsh:CTSH,Cognizant
disca:DISCA,Discovery Inc
disck:DISCK,Discovery Inc
dish:DISH,DISH Network
dltr:DLTR,"Dollar Tree"
ea:$EA,Electronic Arts
ebay:EBAY,eBay
esrx:ESRX,Express Scripts
expe:EXPE,Expedia
fast:$FAST,Fastenal
fb:$FB,Facebook
fisv:FISV,Fiserv
fox:FOX,Twenty-First Century Fox
foxa:FOXA,Twenty-First Century Fox
gild:GILD,Gilead Sciences
goog:GOOG,Alphabet
googl:GOOGL,Alphabet
has:$HAS,Hasbro
hsic:HSIC,Henry Schein
holx:HOLX,Hologic
ilmn:ILMN,Illumina
incy:INCY,Incyte
intc:INTC,Intel
intu:INTU,Intuit
isrg:ISRG,Intuitive Surgical
jbht:JBHT,J.B.
jd:JD,JD.com
klac:KLAC,KLA
khc:KHC,Kraft,Heinz
lbtyk:LBTYK,Liberty Global
lila:LILA,Liberty Latin America
lbtya:LBTYA,Liberty Global
qrtea:QRTEA,Qurate
meli:MELI,MercadoLibre
mar:$MAR,Marriott
mat:$MAT,Mattel
mdlz:MDLZ,Mondelez
mnst:MNST,Monster Beverage
msft:MSFT,Microsoft
mu:$MU,Micron
mxim:MXIM,Maxim
myl:MYL,Mylan
nclh:NCLH,Norwegian
nflx:NFLX,Netflix
ntes:NTES,NetEase
nvda:NVDA,NVIDIA
payx:PAYX,Paychex
bkng:BKNG,"Booking Holdings"
pypl:PYPL,PayPal
qcom:QCOM,Qualcomm
regn:REGN,Regeneron Pharmaceuticals
rost:ROST,Ross Stores
shpg:SHPG,Shire
siri:SIRI,Sirius
swks:SWKS,Skyworks
sbux:SBUX,Starbucks
symc:SYMC,Symantec
tsco:TSCO,Tractor Supply Co
txn:TXN,Texas Instruments
tmus:TMUS,"T-Mobile"
ulta:ULTA,Ulta Beauty
viab:VIAB,Viacom
vod:VOD,Vodafone
vrtx:VRTX,Vertex Pharmaceuticals
wba:WBA,Walgreens
wdc:WDC,"Western Digital"
xray:XRAY,Dentsply,Sirona
idxx:IDXX,IDEXX
lilak:LILAK,"Liberty Latin"
lrcx:LRCX,"Lam Research"
mchp:MCHP,Microchip
orly:ORLY,O Reilly
pcar:PCAR,PACCAR
stx:STX,Seagate
tsla:TSLA,Tesla
vrsk:VRSK,Verisk
wynn:WYNN,Wynn
xlnx:XLNX,Xilinx
